	My original idea when it came to the final project was to have some kind of 
animal, drawn piece by piece using built-in p5.js shapes, with various features 
that changed after a certain amount of time. Upon further consideration, I opted 
for a more mythical creature and allowing the user to choose the features instead 
of them being randomly assigned. One thing that remained the same through both 
iterations, though, was the idea of the creature being a random color. 
	One of my favorite things to do throughout the semester has been to utilize 
different colors in my projects, both with hex codes and RGB values. As a 
computer science major, the way in which computers display their pixels fascinates 
me. I love to mess with colors in html and css to see how they look together, and 
that love transferred seamlessly into doing the same thing in p5.js. 
	Overall, I think I achieved everything I had set out to do. I added all of the 
different characteristics I wanted to add and the page effectively switches 
between them when the user clicks on the correct locations. I had a bit of trouble 
doing the arms and the stripes. My original approach with the arms was to rotate 
ellipses, but I had a really hard time trying to figure out exactly how the rotate 
function worked, so I chose to use curves instead. As for the stripes, originally 
I was going to curve them slightly, kind of like when you view a tiger from the 
back. I was going to do this by layering circles, then I realized that eventually 
the circles would be visible outside of the base shape, so I decided to just make 
the stripes straight and use the line function.
	I wasn’t really inspired by any of my own work, but I did draw inspiration from 
something I used to do when I was a kid. I’ve always had a pretty active 
imagination, but I’ve never been much of an artist. Because of these two facts, I 
always loved those websites you could use to design characters. Those websites were 
where I got the general idea from.